README.md, before:

# [terraform-aws-arc-cache](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache)

<a href="https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Release"/></a> <a href="https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/commits"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Last Updated"/></a> ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

[![Quality gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/quality_gate?project=sourcefuse_terraform-aws-arc-cache&token=bcaee4bc307204787c5256ab3fb7f3454a84c169)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=sourcefuse_terraform-aws-arc-cache)

[![snyk](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/actions/workflows/snyk.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/actions/workflows/snyk.yaml)

## Overview

SourceFuse AWS Reference Architecture (ARC) Terraform module for managing Elasticache replication clusters.

## Features
 - Manages ElastiCache Redis clusters.
 - Supports VPC configurations.
 - Flexible configuration options for clusters.

## Introduction

SourceFuse's AWS Reference Architecture (ARC) Terraform module for managing ElastiCache Redis clusters centralizes and automates the deployment and management of Redis clusters. This module helps you create and manage Redis clusters with options for high availability, encryption, and log delivery. It integrates with other AWS services, ensuring secure, scalable, and efficient Redis deployments. The module supports both single-node and multi-node configurations, providing a robust solution for your caching needs across various environments.

## Usage

To see a full example, check out the [main.tf](./example/main.tf) file in the example folder.  

```hcl
module "elasticacheredis" {
  source                        = "sourcefuse/arc-cache/aws"
  version                       = "0.0.1"
  subnet_ids                    = data.aws_subnets.private.ids
  vpc_id                        = data.aws_vpc.vpc.id
  tags                          = module.tags.tags
  security_group_rules          = var.security_group_rules
  name                          = var.name

  log_delivery_configuration = [
    {
      destination      = aws_cloudwatch_log_group.default.name
      destination_type = "cloudwatch-logs"
      log_format       = "json"
      log_type         = "engine-log"
    }
  ]

}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.6 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0, < 6.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | 3.6.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.67.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.6.2 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_elasticache_parameter_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_parameter_group) | resource |
| [aws_elasticache_replication_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_replication_group) | resource |
| [aws_elasticache_subnet_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_subnet_group) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_ssm_parameter.uuid_parameter](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ssm_parameter) | resource |
| [random_string.auth_token](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/3.6.2/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [aws_ssm_parameter.retrieved_redis_password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ssm_parameter) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_apply_immediately"></a> [apply\_immediately](#input\_apply\_immediately) | Apply changes immediately | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_at_rest_encryption_enabled"></a> [at\_rest\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_at\_rest\_encryption\_enabled) | Specifies whether at-rest encryption is enabled. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_minor_version_upgrade"></a> [auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade](#input\_auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade) | Specifies whether minor version engine upgrades will be applied automatically to the underlying Cache Cluster instances during the maintenance window. Only supported if the engine version is 6 or higher. | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_automatic_failover_enabled"></a> [automatic\_failover\_enabled](#input\_automatic\_failover\_enabled) | Specifies whether a read-only replica will be automatically promoted to read/write primary if the existing primary fails | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_cluster_mode_enabled"></a> [cluster\_mode\_enabled](#input\_cluster\_mode\_enabled) | Flag to enable/disable creation of a native redis cluster. `automatic_failover_enabled` must be set to `true`. Only 1 `cluster_mode` block is allowed | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cache_subnet_group"></a> [create\_cache\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_cache\_subnet\_group) | A boolean indicates whether to create aws elasticache subnet group or not | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_parameter_group"></a> [create\_parameter\_group](#input\_create\_parameter\_group) | Whether new parameter group should be created. Set to false if you want to use existing parameter group | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines whether to create a new security group. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_elasticache_subnet_group_name"></a> [elasticache\_subnet\_group\_name](#input\_elasticache\_subnet\_group\_name) | Name for the cache subnet group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | Version number of the cache engine to be used for the cache clusters in this replication group | `string` | `"7.0"` | no |
| <a name="input_family"></a> [family](#input\_family) | Redis family | `string` | `"redis7"` | no |
| <a name="input_log_delivery_configuration"></a> [log\_delivery\_configuration](#input\_log\_delivery\_configuration) | The log\_delivery\_configuration block allows the streaming of Redis SLOWLOG or Redis Engine Log to CloudWatch Logs or Kinesis Data Firehose. Max of 2 blocks. | `list(map(any))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_multi_az_enabled"></a> [multi\_az\_enabled](#input\_multi\_az\_enabled) | Specifies whether to enable Multi-AZ Support for the replication group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of elasticache redis | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_type"></a> [node\_type](#input\_node\_type) | Instance class to be used | `string` | `"cache.t2.micro"` | no |
| <a name="input_num_cache_clusters"></a> [num\_cache\_clusters](#input\_num\_cache\_clusters) | Number of cache clusters this replication group will have | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_num_node_groups"></a> [num\_node\_groups](#input\_num\_node\_groups) | Number of node groups (shards) for this Redis replication group | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter"></a> [parameter](#input\_parameter) | A list of Redis parameters to apply. Note that parameters may differ from one Redis family to another | <pre>list(object({<br>    name  = string<br>    value = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_description"></a> [parameter\_group\_description](#input\_parameter\_group\_description) | elasticache paramter group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_name"></a> [parameter\_group\_name](#input\_parameter\_group\_name) | Override the default parameter group name | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | Port number on which each of the cache nodes will accept connection | `number` | `6379` | no |
| <a name="input_replicas_per_node_group"></a> [replicas\_per\_node\_group](#input\_replicas\_per\_node\_group) | Number of replica nodes in each node group. Changing this number will trigger a resizing operation before other settings modifications. Valid values are 0 to 5 | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_replication_group_description"></a> [replication\_group\_description](#input\_replication\_group\_description) | User-created description for the replication group. Must not be empty | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security groups | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | List of cache security group names to associate with this replication group | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  ""<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Prefix for the name of the security groups. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_rules"></a> [security\_group\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_rules) | Ingress and egress rules for the security groups. | <pre>object({<br>    ingress = map(object({<br>      description       = optional(string)<br>      from_port         = number<br>      to_port           = number<br>      protocol          = string<br>      cidr_blocks       = optional(list(string))<br>      security_group_id = optional(list(string))<br>      ipv6_cidr_blocks  = optional(list(string))<br>      self              = optional(bool)<br>    }))<br>    egress = map(object({<br>      description       = optional(string)<br>      from_port         = number<br>      to_port           = number<br>      protocol          = string<br>      cidr_blocks       = optional(list(string))<br>      security_group_id = optional(list(string))<br>      ipv6_cidr_blocks  = optional(list(string))<br>    }))<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "egress": {},<br>  "ingress": {}<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_retention_limit"></a> [snapshot\_retention\_limit](#input\_snapshot\_retention\_limit) | Number of days for which ElastiCache will retain automatic cache cluster snapshots before deleting them | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_window"></a> [snapshot\_window](#input\_snapshot\_window) | Daily time range during which ElastiCache will begin taking a daily snapshot of your cache cluster | `string` | `"01:30-02:30"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_group_description"></a> [subnet\_group\_description](#input\_subnet\_group\_description) | Description for the cache subnet group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_group_name"></a> [subnet\_group\_name](#input\_subnet\_group\_name) | Required when create\_aws\_elasticache\_subnet\_group is false. Name of the cache subnet group to be used for the replication group. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | private subnet ids | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags for AWS elasticache redis | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_user_group_ids"></a> [user\_group\_ids](#input\_user\_group\_ids) | User Group ID to associate with the replication group | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC ID Where resources will live | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output__replication_group_tags_all"></a> [\_replication\_group\_tags\_all](#output\_\_replication\_group\_tags\_all) | A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider |
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | ARN of the created ElastiCache Replication Group |
| <a name="output_cluster_enabled"></a> [cluster\_enabled](#output\_cluster\_enabled) | Indicates if cluster mode is enabled |
| <a name="output_configuration_endpoint_address"></a> [configuration\_endpoint\_address](#output\_configuration\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the replication group configuration endpoint when cluster mode is enabled |
| <a name="output_description"></a> [description](#output\_description) | The Description of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_engine_version_actual"></a> [engine\_version\_actual](#output\_engine\_version\_actual) | The Name of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | ID of the ElastiCache Replication Group |
| <a name="output_member_clusters"></a> [member\_clusters](#output\_member\_clusters) | Identifiers of all the nodes that are part of this replication group |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | The Name of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_primary_endpoint_address"></a> [primary\_endpoint\_address](#output\_primary\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the endpoint for the primary node in the replication group, if the cluster mode is disabled |
| <a name="output_reader_endpoint_address"></a> [reader\_endpoint\_address](#output\_reader\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the endpoint for the reader node in the replication group, if the cluster mode is disabled |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | The ID of the security group |
| <a name="output_subnet_group_tags_all"></a> [subnet\_group\_tags\_all](#output\_subnet\_group\_tags\_all) | A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider |
| <a name="output_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#output\_subnet\_ids) | The Subnet IDs of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install#installing-terraform)
- [terraform-docs](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs)
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install)
- [golang](https://golang.org/doc/install#install)
- [golint](https://github.com/golang/lint#installation)

### Configurations

- Configure pre-commit hooks
  ```sh
  pre-commit install
  ```

### Versioning

while Contributing or doing git commit please specify the breaking change in your commit message whether its major,minor or patch

For Example

```sh
git commit -m "your commit message #major"
```
By specifying this , it will bump the version and if you don't specify this in your commit message then by default it will consider patch and will bump that accordingly

### Tests
- Tests are available in `test` directory
- Configure the dependencies
  ```sh
  cd test/
  go mod init github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-refarch-<module_name>
  go get github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform
  ```
- Now execute the test  
  ```sh
  go test -timeout  30m
  ```

## Authors

This project is authored by:
- SourceFuse ARC Team

Commit message:

Addition of cloudwatch alarms for cache cpu and cache memory

README.md, after:

# [terraform-aws-arc-cache](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache)

<a href="https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Release"/></a> <a href="https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/commits"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Last Updated"/></a> ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

[![Quality gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/quality_gate?project=sourcefuse_terraform-aws-arc-cache&token=bcaee4bc307204787c5256ab3fb7f3454a84c169)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=sourcefuse_terraform-aws-arc-cache)

[![snyk](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/actions/workflows/snyk.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-arc-cache/actions/workflows/snyk.yaml)

## Overview

SourceFuse AWS Reference Architecture (ARC) Terraform module for managing Elasticache replication clusters.

## Features
 - Manages ElastiCache Redis clusters.
 - Supports VPC configurations.
 - Flexible configuration options for clusters.
 - Cloudwatch Alarms support for cache cpu and cache freeable-memory
 
## Introduction

SourceFuse's AWS Reference Architecture (ARC) Terraform module for managing ElastiCache Redis clusters centralizes and automates the deployment and management of Redis clusters. This module helps you create and manage Redis clusters with options for high availability, encryption, and log delivery. It integrates with other AWS services, ensuring secure, scalable, and efficient Redis deployments. The module supports both single-node and multi-node configurations, providing a robust solution for your caching needs across various environments.

## Usage

To see a full example, check out the [main.tf](./example/main.tf) file in the example folder.  

```hcl
module "elasticacheredis" {
  source                        = "sourcefuse/arc-cache/aws"
  version                       = "0.0.1"
  subnet_ids                    = data.aws_subnets.private.ids
  vpc_id                        = data.aws_vpc.vpc.id
  tags                          = module.tags.tags
  security_group_rules          = var.security_group_rules
  name                          = var.name

  log_delivery_configuration = [
    {
      destination      = aws_cloudwatch_log_group.default.name
      destination_type = "cloudwatch-logs"
      log_format       = "json"
      log_type         = "engine-log"
    }
  ]

}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.6 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0, < 6.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | 3.6.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.67.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.6.2 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_elasticache_parameter_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_parameter_group) | resource |
| [aws_elasticache_replication_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_replication_group) | resource |
| [aws_elasticache_subnet_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/elasticache_subnet_group) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_ssm_parameter.uuid_parameter](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ssm_parameter) | resource |
| [random_string.auth_token](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/3.6.2/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [aws_ssm_parameter.retrieved_redis_password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ssm_parameter) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_apply_immediately"></a> [apply\_immediately](#input\_apply\_immediately) | Apply changes immediately | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_at_rest_encryption_enabled"></a> [at\_rest\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_at\_rest\_encryption\_enabled) | Specifies whether at-rest encryption is enabled. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_minor_version_upgrade"></a> [auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade](#input\_auto\_minor\_version\_upgrade) | Specifies whether minor version engine upgrades will be applied automatically to the underlying Cache Cluster instances during the maintenance window. Only supported if the engine version is 6 or higher. | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_automatic_failover_enabled"></a> [automatic\_failover\_enabled](#input\_automatic\_failover\_enabled) | Specifies whether a read-only replica will be automatically promoted to read/write primary if the existing primary fails | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_cluster_mode_enabled"></a> [cluster\_mode\_enabled](#input\_cluster\_mode\_enabled) | Flag to enable/disable creation of a native redis cluster. `automatic_failover_enabled` must be set to `true`. Only 1 `cluster_mode` block is allowed | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cache_subnet_group"></a> [create\_cache\_subnet\_group](#input\_create\_cache\_subnet\_group) | A boolean indicates whether to create aws elasticache subnet group or not | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_parameter_group"></a> [create\_parameter\_group](#input\_create\_parameter\_group) | Whether new parameter group should be created. Set to false if you want to use existing parameter group | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines whether to create a new security group. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_elasticache_subnet_group_name"></a> [elasticache\_subnet\_group\_name](#input\_elasticache\_subnet\_group\_name) | Name for the cache subnet group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | Version number of the cache engine to be used for the cache clusters in this replication group | `string` | `"7.0"` | no |
| <a name="input_family"></a> [family](#input\_family) | Redis family | `string` | `"redis7"` | no |
| <a name="input_log_delivery_configuration"></a> [log\_delivery\_configuration](#input\_log\_delivery\_configuration) | The log\_delivery\_configuration block allows the streaming of Redis SLOWLOG or Redis Engine Log to CloudWatch Logs or Kinesis Data Firehose. Max of 2 blocks. | `list(map(any))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_multi_az_enabled"></a> [multi\_az\_enabled](#input\_multi\_az\_enabled) | Specifies whether to enable Multi-AZ Support for the replication group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of elasticache redis | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_type"></a> [node\_type](#input\_node\_type) | Instance class to be used | `string` | `"cache.t2.micro"` | no |
| <a name="input_num_cache_clusters"></a> [num\_cache\_clusters](#input\_num\_cache\_clusters) | Number of cache clusters this replication group will have | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_num_node_groups"></a> [num\_node\_groups](#input\_num\_node\_groups) | Number of node groups (shards) for this Redis replication group | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter"></a> [parameter](#input\_parameter) | A list of Redis parameters to apply. Note that parameters may differ from one Redis family to another | <pre>list(object({<br>    name  = string<br>    value = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_description"></a> [parameter\_group\_description](#input\_parameter\_group\_description) | elasticache paramter group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_parameter_group_name"></a> [parameter\_group\_name](#input\_parameter\_group\_name) | Override the default parameter group name | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | Port number on which each of the cache nodes will accept connection | `number` | `6379` | no |
| <a name="input_replicas_per_node_group"></a> [replicas\_per\_node\_group](#input\_replicas\_per\_node\_group) | Number of replica nodes in each node group. Changing this number will trigger a resizing operation before other settings modifications. Valid values are 0 to 5 | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_replication_group_description"></a> [replication\_group\_description](#input\_replication\_group\_description) | User-created description for the replication group. Must not be empty | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security groups | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | List of cache security group names to associate with this replication group | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  ""<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Prefix for the name of the security groups. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_rules"></a> [security\_group\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_rules) | Ingress and egress rules for the security groups. | <pre>object({<br>    ingress = map(object({<br>      description       = optional(string)<br>      from_port         = number<br>      to_port           = number<br>      protocol          = string<br>      cidr_blocks       = optional(list(string))<br>      security_group_id = optional(list(string))<br>      ipv6_cidr_blocks  = optional(list(string))<br>      self              = optional(bool)<br>    }))<br>    egress = map(object({<br>      description       = optional(string)<br>      from_port         = number<br>      to_port           = number<br>      protocol          = string<br>      cidr_blocks       = optional(list(string))<br>      security_group_id = optional(list(string))<br>      ipv6_cidr_blocks  = optional(list(string))<br>    }))<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "egress": {},<br>  "ingress": {}<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_retention_limit"></a> [snapshot\_retention\_limit](#input\_snapshot\_retention\_limit) | Number of days for which ElastiCache will retain automatic cache cluster snapshots before deleting them | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_snapshot_window"></a> [snapshot\_window](#input\_snapshot\_window) | Daily time range during which ElastiCache will begin taking a daily snapshot of your cache cluster | `string` | `"01:30-02:30"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_group_description"></a> [subnet\_group\_description](#input\_subnet\_group\_description) | Description for the cache subnet group | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_group_name"></a> [subnet\_group\_name](#input\_subnet\_group\_name) | Required when create\_aws\_elasticache\_subnet\_group is false. Name of the cache subnet group to be used for the replication group. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | private subnet ids | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags for AWS elasticache redis | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_user_group_ids"></a> [user\_group\_ids](#input\_user\_group\_ids) | User Group ID to associate with the replication group | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC ID Where resources will live | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output__replication_group_tags_all"></a> [\_replication\_group\_tags\_all](#output\_\_replication\_group\_tags\_all) | A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider |
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | ARN of the created ElastiCache Replication Group |
| <a name="output_cluster_enabled"></a> [cluster\_enabled](#output\_cluster\_enabled) | Indicates if cluster mode is enabled |
| <a name="output_configuration_endpoint_address"></a> [configuration\_endpoint\_address](#output\_configuration\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the replication group configuration endpoint when cluster mode is enabled |
| <a name="output_description"></a> [description](#output\_description) | The Description of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_engine_version_actual"></a> [engine\_version\_actual](#output\_engine\_version\_actual) | The Name of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | ID of the ElastiCache Replication Group |
| <a name="output_member_clusters"></a> [member\_clusters](#output\_member\_clusters) | Identifiers of all the nodes that are part of this replication group |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | The Name of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
| <a name="output_primary_endpoint_address"></a> [primary\_endpoint\_address](#output\_primary\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the endpoint for the primary node in the replication group, if the cluster mode is disabled |
| <a name="output_reader_endpoint_address"></a> [reader\_endpoint\_address](#output\_reader\_endpoint\_address) | Address of the endpoint for the reader node in the replication group, if the cluster mode is disabled |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | The ID of the security group |
| <a name="output_subnet_group_tags_all"></a> [subnet\_group\_tags\_all](#output\_subnet\_group\_tags\_all) | A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider |
| <a name="output_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#output\_subnet\_ids) | The Subnet IDs of the ElastiCache Subnet Group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install#installing-terraform)
- [terraform-docs](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs)
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install)
- [golang](https://golang.org/doc/install#install)
- [golint](https://github.com/golang/lint#installation)

### Configurations

- Configure pre-commit hooks
  ```sh
  pre-commit install
  ```

### Versioning

while Contributing or doing git commit please specify the breaking change in your commit message whether its major,minor or patch

For Example

```sh
git commit -m "your commit message #major"
```
By specifying this , it will bump the version and if you don't specify this in your commit message then by default it will consider patch and will bump that accordingly

### Tests
- Tests are available in `test` directory
- Configure the dependencies
  ```sh
  cd test/
  go mod init github.com/sourcefuse/terraform-aws-refarch-<module_name>
  go get github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform
  ```
- Now execute the test  
  ```sh
  go test -timeout  30m
  ```

## Authors

This project is authored by:
- SourceFuse ARC Team
